Something appears to be wrong with display of lingtypology map and everything below it in my .ipynb notebook (everything is saved in raw text, though).
Thus, I repeat my conclusions here:

<Map>
We have examined the geographical distribution of native languages of people who have problems with numeral case (which is the most frequent) and of those who don't.
As we see, native speakers of European and African languages face such problems - except for Italian informant. An exception cannot be explained by linguistic properties of Italian, but it might be caused by the fact that an informant has a degree in linguistics.
Native speakers of Asian languages do not face such problems - except for Afghan and Tajik informants. An exception could be explained by the lack of case systems in Indo-Iranian languages, but Chinese and Thai also lack case systems. More probable reason is that both of Tajik informants had no university training, either in Tajikistan or in Russia. The Afghan case remains unexplained.

<Conclusion>
Overall, linguistic problems of migrants to Russia and their correlation with different sociolinguistic factors were examined. The conclusions are as follows:
1) Case system is the most difficult element of Russian grammar for non-native speakers, more than 50% of informants face problems with it.
1.1) All informants who face problems with nominal case, also face problems with numeral case, but the latter is a bit more difficult - an Italian informant which overcame a nominal case learning easily, had problems with numeral declension.
2) Previous experience of learning foreign languages is valuable: people people which did not study foreign languages except Russian (at least up to an intermediate level) prior to migration, might have had problems with phonetics, lexicon and script, which are unfamiliar to people with non-weak LCL. However, people who succeeded in learning several foreign languages, experienced more problems with acquisition of nominal gender.
3) Problems of Slavonic, non-Slavonic IE and non-IE languages native speakers are also different.
4) Gender might also have an influence on the results. Only one problem was examined in terms of gender influence, but the examination has shown that female informants had more problems with declension.
Having said all of that, it should be kept in mind, that it is only true within a sample, which can hardly be called genuinely representative.
